1. Which three types can be used as @Controller method arguments? (Choose three)

Request, HttpSession, Locale

2. Which statements is true?

@ActiveProfiles is a class-level annotation that is used to declare which bean definition profiles should be active when loaded an ApplicationContext for an Integration test.

3. Which three dependencies are provided by the spring-boot-starter-test?

Hamcrest, Junit, EasyMock

4. Which two statements are correct regarding Spring Boot auto-configuration?

Auto-configuration could apply when a bean is present but not when bean is missing.

Auto-configuration is applied before user-defined beans have been registered.

5. Which two statements are true regarding bean creation?

A Spring beqan can be explicitly created by annotating the class with @Autowired

A Spring bean can be implicitly created by annotating the class with @Component and using the component-scanner to scan its package.


6. Which statement describes the propagation behavior of Propagation.REQUIRES_NEW annotation?

A starts a new transaction if an active transaction already exists, it is suspended.


7. What is a Spring boot starter dependency?

An easy way to include multiple coordinated dependencies related to a specific technology like web or JDBC


8. Which following statements are true about Spring Data?

Spring data is specifically desgined for JPA, JDBC and relational database access only.

Spring Data can greatly reduce the amount of "boilerplate" code typically needed for data access.


9. Which strategy is correct for configuring Spring Security to intercept particular URLs?

The URLs can be specified via configuration (using authorizeRequest() and requst matchers), with the most specific rule first and the least specific last. 


10. Given an ApplicationContext containing three bean definitions of type Foo with bean ids foo1, foo2, foo3, which three @Autowired scenarios are valid and will allow the ApplicationContext to initiliaze successfully?

@Autowired
public void SetFoo(Foo foo2){}

@Autowired
public void setFoo(Foo foo){}

@Autowired private Foo foo;


11. Which two options are REST principles?

RESTful applications use a stateless architecture

RESTful application use HTTP headers and status codes as a contract with the clients


12. Which two statements are correct regarding the Health indicator status?

Custom status values can be created.

The built-in status values are DOWN, OUT_OF_SERVICE, UNKNOWN, and UP in decresing order of severity


13. Which three types of objects can be returned from a JDBCTemplate query?

User defined types

Simple types (int, long, String)

Properties


14. In which three ways are Security filters used in Spring security?

To drive authentication

To enforce authorization (access control)

To provide a logout capability


15. What are the two reasons Spring be used to build a Java application?

Spring automates a Java application build

Spring provides a Dependency injection container


16. Which two statements are correct regarding the Actuator info endpoint?

It is not enabled by default

It can be used to display arbitrary application information.


17. Which two options will inject the value of the daily.limit system property?

@Value("#{systeProperties[daily.limit]}")

@Value("$(systemProperties.daily.limit)")


18. Which two statements are true concerning the BeanPostProcessor Extension point?

Custom BeanPostProcessors can be implemented for Spring applications.

BeanPostProcessors are called during the initilization phase of bean life cycle.


19. Which two statements are true about Spring Boot and Spring data JPA?

Embedded databases are not re-created during the startup

Spring Data JPA is the only implementation for relational databases.


20. Which two statements are correct regarding Spring Boot 2.x Actuator Metrics?

An external monitoring system must be used with Actuator.

The metrics endpoinoint/actuator/metrics is exposed over HTTP by default


21. Which two statements are true regarding Spring boot-based Spring MVC application?

Spring boot starts up an embedded servlet container by default.

Jety is the default servlet container.


22. Which two statements are true concerning constructor injection?

Constructor injection is preferred over field injection to support unit testing.

Field injection is preferred over constructor injection from a unit testing standpoint.


23. Which two statements are true about @Controller classes?

The classes are eligible for handling requests in Spring MVC

The @Controller is a stereotype annotation like @Component


24. Which two statements are correct when @SpringBootApplication is annotated on a class?

It causes Spring Boot to enable auto-configuration by default.

A seperate ApplicationContext will be created for each class annotated with


25. Which two statements are true about REST?

REST is a Protocol

REST is interoperable


26. Which tow annotations indicate that the transaction for a transcational test method should be committed after the test method has completed?

@Commit

@Rollback(false)


27. Which three statements are advantages of using Spring's Dependency Injection?

Dependency injection reduces the start-up time of an application.

Dependency injection creates tight coupling between components.

Configuration can be externalized and centralized in a small set of files.


28. Which two statements about the @Autowired are true?

Mulptiple arguments can be injected into a single method using @Autowired

@Autowired can be used to inject references into BeanPostProcessor

